hi I'm John Merriman here with inside
joke and I'm here with Rachel Feinstein
hello John how are you I feel fantastic
thank you for doing this thank you for
having me it's a nice room there's a
lovely breeze here there's a little
chatter there is it's uh it's fun yes
and have you been before I've been to
Austin a bunch I play at this club here
cap city a lot yes so that's been really
fun I love Austin I don't always love
being on the road and like hurling
myself to weird places but Austin I do
love so when I land here and pleased and
how long are you here for I leave Sunday
Wednesday through Sunday anything you're
really excited to see um I probably
gonna just run around and try to see as
many of the shows as I can
I love Maria Bamford so I'm hoping to
check her out
Aaron Foley Jeff Ross I don't know if
he's gone up yet but I like him Brendon
Walsh so there's a lot of fun acts
hopefully I can run around and see them
all and then I'm drink afterwards yeah I
would like to drink as well you did a
little bit of you dip your toe in a
reality-tv I know you did the last comic
standing standing yes and then I also
want to ask you about doing the
apprentice thing oh the apprentice thing
yeah that was kind of an interesting day
the apprentice thing they had like for
one of their challenges they were
supposed to go to a comedy club and try
to raise money and each team got to
choose comedians and then we had like I
was on Latoya's team and she kept we
went to the Trump Towers and we like sat
with them while they like tried to coach
us before a comedy show it was very
strange like I don't know why we needed
Latoya to coach us he had to go there
for like pre-show coaching and she kept
going now y'all need to be funny okay I
want you to be real funny she kept
saying that to us as if that wouldn't
occur to us as stand-ups to bring the
funny to our comedy show she kept going
I need to be real funny tonight because
this is very important all right you
guys everyone be funny promise me Rachel
you'll be funny and then she kept asking
us to wear black she was like I had a
dream that every
it's gonna be in black tonight so I need
everyone to wear black to the to the
show and there's this real big guy sort
of like a heavyset comic I felt bad for
me so Lee go out and buy like a black
blouse because if Latoya no poppin
vision of him and black ink I just wipe
out to go like shopping was a family man
it was a lot so we all came in black who
else was on that team it was uh who was
on my team I can't remember everybody
but John fish a very funny comic was on
it um who else who else
Jessica Carson who's hilarious yeah I
love her she meets Donald Trump or was
that uh we did not meet Donald
um no meet I meant meatloaf Star Jones
John Rich this country singer yes he was
awesome he was really funny invited us
all that to his like a state or whatever
to drink and hang and Little John it was
really cool she was like the nicest guy
on that he was a sweetheart yeah he kept
coming up to us like just want to make
sure everyone's comfortable everyone's
making you feel comfortable and um he
kept saying we should come back to his
place and drink and and I never did take
him up on that but it sounded like a
fun-loving weekend yeah yeah he was
really sweet and so was a little john
little john link speaks the real calmly
he's pretty cool he's pretty like
low-key when he was not on stage right
yeah he was
he called me filthy which was
interesting I was like a little John
thinks I'm filthy I was like oh you
filthy girl he was he was disappointed
and a little shocked by me and did you
did you do a little writing for the
onion that I get that right you know I
wrote an article for the onion but I'm
not like a staff writer right I mean I I
put it in something as a writing credit
but I want people to get the idea that I
regularly from that for them I did an
article for them that was published yeah
but I'm just fascinated by I mean it's
so good I just did you have a little
peek into that way I had more of one I'm
addicted to it's like the first thing
people asked me about so I feel like I
should have more information than right
I'm not like smart enough to write but
for the onion I feel like people think
I'm real like intelligent cuz I'm
sarcastic and Jewish but I have no
actual information about things like I
don't know have enough information to
write for the onion I didn't even go to
college but I did this one article you
could write an article
called say something funny and various
comics did it and you had a certain
about anything and I wrote about my
parents this trip that I had to my
parents with to New York I wrote sort of
like a timeline of everything they did
to humiliate me while they were on our
vacation and true yeah and then they
brought me in to do some sort of a fake
wedding photo so I don't remember what
it was I think I just had to like gently
hold this Indian man and look into his
eyes you know these are my two
experiences with the onion I don't know
any of those people they're smart like
I'm not in that circle there yeah well
anything else you want to talk about one
of your shows um okay I have a show
tonight at nice if I remember the name
of the theater this is coming tomorrow
oh okay I was gonna air tomorrow so you
had a show yes okay all right so I had
to show you yesterday I remember all the
venue names but if you go to Moontower
Comedy Festival calm that's it that's it
yes right that's right yeah then go see
all the places I'm hopping around I also
have an album that's available on Comedy
Central Records you can buy it on iTunes
awesome what's the name yeah that's
called thug tears I love it and I'll be
on this show called hip hop squares
which is on MTV it's me and various
rappers and it's like Hollywood Squares
but for hip hop so Fat Joe is on it
Ghostface Killah is on it common all
sorts of hip hop's finest yeah yeah as
well as myself Little John yeah little
Johnson on it he should be yeah we have
a relationship they have emailed once we
haven't we didn't make love or anything
but we emailed once thank you so much
for taking time and have a great
festival thank you so much wheezing oh
thanks we're friends